DW-158: Order of execution in Function Overloading (#1649)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/whats-new-in-mule.adoc

* a work- specific message (`"Have a nice day at work!"`) on Tuesdays through Thursdays.
* customized messages for the start and end of the week (Mondays and Fridays).

> Note that DataWeave uses the first function it finds that accepts the arguments of the function call, in the order that they are declared in the script.

Reviewer: Do you want to make this an admonition? Or just remove the "Note that"? 

For both instances of this text, I'm trying to parse the singular in the first half and the plural (they) in the second. Does the "they" refer to the arguments? Maybe clarify?

Reviewer 2: ohhh, right. Overlooked "they". Good 👁️

> Note that DataWeave uses the first function it finds that accepts the arguments of the function call, in the order that they are declared in the script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that DataWeave uses the first function it finds that accepts the arguments of the function call, based on the order in which the functions are declared in the script.
```
